update(docs): revamped and expanded documentation (#12)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/tutorials/data-based-matching.md

```
torrent_name/
├─ torrent_file.mkv
```

and separately match a single file torrent for `torrent_file.mkv`

Due to using file system links, data-based matching also opens the door for "risky" matching where the name of the searchee can be ignored and only file size is used, with a couple of caveats: 1) false positives are possible with this method, so it is recommended that you have cross-seed recheck torrents added during risky matching, and 2) risky matching only finds extra results for single-file searchees.

## Setup

Data-based matching adds a few parameters:

`dataDirs`: This specifies what directories cross-seed should generate searchees from. They are specified as an array, for example `["/data/torrents/", "/data/media/"]` similar to the existing `torznab` parameter.

> `linkDir`: This specifies where you want your links cross-seed generates to be placed. While technically possible to specify the same directory as your `dataDir`s, this is not recommended and could result in bad interactions between existing and new files. Instead, it should be a separate directory visible to both your torrent client and cross-seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`linkDir`: This specifies where you want your links cross-seed generates to be placed. While technically possible to specify the same directory as your `dataDirs`, this is not recommended and could result in bad interactions between existing and new files. Instead, it should be a separate directory visible to both your torrent client and cross-seed.
```

> `linkType`: Either `hardlink` or `symlink`. [(**See FAQ for more**)](http://localhost:3000/docs/reference/faq-troubleshooting#what-linktype-should-i-use-data-based-searching).

Reviewer: fix link

Author: lol oops.

Reviewer 2: this can be a relative link so it works both local and deployed

> `linkType`: Either `hardlink` or `symlink`. [(**See FAQ for more**)](http://localhost:3000/docs/reference/faq-troubleshooting#what-linktype-should-i-use-data-based-searching).

Author: I didn't know what was preferred, I just used backticks everywhere it was a config setting or option for the most part. I think I may have missed a few.

> `linkType`: Either `hardlink` or `symlink`. [(**See FAQ for more**)](http://localhost:3000/docs/reference/faq-troubleshooting#what-linktype-should-i-use-data-based-searching).

Reviewer: yeah, backticks are good but I think doing `"risky"` for example might be better to reinforce to users that these keywords should be quote wrapped

> `linkType`: Either `hardlink` or `symlink`. [(**See FAQ for more**)](http://localhost:3000/docs/reference/faq-troubleshooting#what-linktype-should-i-use-data-based-searching).

Author: Agreed.
